Alice had $20 more than Bob at first. After Alice spent $52, Bob had thrice as much money as Alice. How much money did Alice have at first?
Alice had 60 more blue ribbons than red ribbons at first. After Alice used 150 blue ribbons, she had twice as many red ribbons as blue ribbons left. How many ribbons did Alice have at first?
A toy store had 135 fewer boomerangs than frisbees on sale. After 375 frisbees were sold and another 390 boomerangs were put out for sale, there were 4 times as many boomerangs as frisbees on sale. How many items were on sale at first?
Alice had a total of 636 toy soldiers and toy cars. There were 116 more toy soldiers than toy cars at first. After selling 226 toy soldiers and buying more toy cars, she had 4 times as many toy cars as toy soldiers. How many toy cars did Alice buy?
Alice had 50 more button pins than collar pins at first. She sold half of the collar pins and bought another 12 button pins. In the end, she had 4 times as many button pins as collar pins. Find the number of button pins Alice had at first.
Alice had 30 more stickers than Bob at first. Bob gave 12 of his stickers to Alice. In the end, Alice had thrice as many stickers as Bob. How many stickers did Bob have at first?
Alice had 23 more marbles than Bob. When Bob gave 146 marbles to Alice, Alice had 4 times as many marbles as Bob. How many marbles did Alice have at first?
Alice had $204 more than Bob. When Bob gave $123 to Alice, Alice had 6 times as much money as Bob. How much money did they have in total at first?
At an audition, there were 300 fewer participants for the dance audition than the singing audition. After 46 participants from the singing audition switched to the dance audition, there were thrice as many participants for the singing audition as the dance audition. How many participants were there altogether?
In a piggy bank, there were 80 more $2-notes than $1-coins. When 15 $2-notes were swapped for the same number of $1-coins, the number of $2-notes became twice the number of $1-coins. How much money was there in the piggy bank at first?
Tank A had 3 times as much water as Tank B. If 50mL of water were transferred from Tank A to Tank B, Tank A would have 5 times as much water as Tank B. How much water was there in Tank A?
At first, there were 4 times as many oranges in Box A as Box B. When 30 oranges were transferred to Box A from Box B, there were 7 times as many oranges in Box A as Box B. How many oranges were there in Box B at first?
There were as many men as women at a store opening. After the opening ceremony, 12 men joined in and 30 women left and there were twice as many men as women at the store. How many people were at the opening ceremony at first?
There were an equal number of coins in Box A and Box B on Monday. 29 coins were added into Box A and 16 coins from Box B were given away on Tuesday. In the end, Box A had 4 times as many coins as Box B. How many coins were there in the boxes altogether at first?
At a childcare centre, Room A and Room B had an equal number of mattresses at first. If 6 mattresses were removed from Room B and 6 times as many mattresses were removed from Room A as Room B, the number of mattresses in Room B would be 4 times as many as in Room A. Find the number of mattresses in each room.
Alice prepared 240 cabbages and tomatoes for a charity event. After giving away 50 cabbages and thrice as many tomatoes as cabbages, she had an equal number of cabbages and tomatoes left. How many cabbages did Alice have at first?
Alice had 4 times as many badges as Bob at first. After Bob bought 24 badges and Alice gave 60 of her badges to her sister, both had an equal number of badges. How many badges did Bob have in the end?
Alice had 5 times as many keychains as Bob at first. After Bob bought 24 more keychains and received 64 keychains from Alice, both of them had the same number of keychains in the end. How many keychains did Bob have at first?
Alice had 4 times as many paper clips as fridge magnets. After she gave away 33 paper clips, she found that she had thrice as many fridge magnets as paper clips. How many more paper clips than fridge magnets did Alice have at first?
At a bookstore, there were 5 times as many rulers as crayons. After 49 rulers were sold, the number of crayons became 3 times the number of rulers left in the store. How many rulers and crayons were there at first?
Alice had 36 fewer game cards than Bob. If Alice were to sell 34 cards, Bob would have 6 times as many cards as Alice. How many cards did Alice have?
On a trip to the eco-park, there were 26 fewer students in Bus B than Bus A. After 14 students alighted from Bus B, there were 5 times as many students in Bus A as Bus B. How many students were there altogether in both buses in the end?
At the start of a project, Alice had 142 fewer buttons than Bob. After Bob used 180 buttons, Alice had thrice as many buttons as Bob. How many buttons did Alice have?
Alice brought $240 more than Bob for shopping. After Alice spent $280 on a model aeroplane and received $10 from her mother, the amount of money Bob had became twice the amount of money Alice had left. How much money did Alice bring to shop?
A child is 28 years younger than their father. Their total age in 6 years' time will be 64. How old will the child be in 9 years' time?
Alice is 12 years older than her younger sister. Their total age in 15 years' time is 44. How old will Alice be in 3 years' time?
A mother is 24 years older than her daughter. 6 years ago, she was thrice as old as her daughter. How old will the mother be in 10 years' time?
1210 shirts and 1910 pairs of shorts were on sale at a clothing store. During the sale, the same number of shirts and pairs of shorts were sold. At the end of the sale, there were 15 times as many pairs of shorts as shirts left in the store. How many shirts and pairs of shorts were sold together?
A stationery shop owner had 5 times as many rulers as pens at first. An equal number of pens and rulers were sold and there were 72 rulers left and 6 times as many rulers as pens left. If each pen was sold at $3 and each ruler at $1 less, how much money was received from the sale of the items?
Alice had 200 marbles, Bob had 840 marbles and Carol had 300 marbles. After Carol gave an equal number of marbles to both, Bob had 3 times as many marbles as Alice. How many marbles did Carol give to each person?
At a wedding dinner, there were 4 times as many women as girls. There were 5 times as many men as girls. Given that 300 people attended the wedding dinner, how many females were there?
Alice, Bob and Carol had some money. The total amount of money that the three had was 5 times as much money as the amount of money Carol had. Bob had thrice as much money as Alice. If Alice had $80 less than Bob, how much money did the three have altogether?
A restaurant had the same number of apples, oranges and pears at first. After 38 pears, some apples and oranges were used, there were 90 fruits left. There were twice as many apples as oranges left. Given that the number of pears left was 15 fewer than the number of apples left, how many oranges were used?
